If a player is forced into a Monitor biped and then given a weapon, they will be able 
to fire that weapon if it is a ranged weapon, and they will be able to swap it out 
with any other weapon. Ranged weapons can do damage and kill, though this may only be 
true on host.

If a player is forced into a Monitor biped, they will automatically pick up any grenades 
or armor abilities they fly over, but they will be unable to use them. The armor ability 
will be visible on the Monitor's body as if it were attached rather than picked up (i.e. 
the little holographic image is still visible).

A Monitor-player can pick up a detached machine gun turret, but not use an attached one.

If one biped is attached to the other, the attached biped will stop simulating physics, 
and it will rotate with its "parent." Looking up or down pitches whatever bone the biped 
is attached to. If the attached biped is killed, it will ragdoll (sometimes improperly); 
my tests are not sufficient to indicate whether it remains attached to its parent object 
past that point.

If something is attached to a Monitor biped, it will be attached to whatever bone has 
the hovering animation: the attached object will bob up and down with the Monitor's body.

If two widgets have the same screen position, they will align intelligently rather than 
overlapping.

The "set_round_card_whatever" functions produce an effect whenever the parameters passed 
vary from the last parameters that were passed: the round card is displayed again. As 
such, you can call them every frame via a (for each player) loop, as Bungie does, so 
long as you don't vary the text. (Alternatively, you can vary the text at specific times 
to re-show the round card, as Bungie does with Invasion's phases.)

Announcer voiceovers relating to the round timer (e.g. "thirty seconds remaining") will 
play automatically, but the round itself will not end automatically; the script must end 
the round. This is probably to faciliate things like Invasion writing directly to the 
round timer to display the current phase's remaining time.

The object.shape_contains condition only checks the pivot point for the target object. 
For example, if you try to check whether a shape contains a Warthog, the check will only 
pass if the Warthog's centerpoint is inside of the shape.

Deleting the player's current biped will cause them to instantly respawn.

When a biped enters a vehicle, it is considered to be attached to that vehicle. This 
means that a biped cannot be attached to another object if it is occupying a vehicle, 
and detaching a biped will instantly force it out of any vehicle it is currently using.

Attaching a biped to an object will lock the biped in place. If the biped is controlled 
by the player, they will be able to turn but not to move, and their first-person legs 
will desynch from their upper body.

Megalo script actions can be used to get and modify a vehicle's current health. Actions 
for modifying the maximum health seem to affect the current health only. Modifying a 
vehicle's health via script will not affect its visual appearance (i.e. damage graphics 
won't appear or disappear); however, the next time a vehicle takes damage normally, it 
will gain all damage graphics associated with its current health (though it will not 
lose any damage graphics present if it has health restored and then takes damage). A 
vehicle will be destroyed normally and with appropriate visuals when its health is set 
to zero.

Damaged vehicles will regenerate health if left alone. This doesn't seem to occur 
consistently if Megalo script is used to cause the damage, and regeneration only occurs 
up to specific thresholds. Observed thresholds are: 20, 50.

Halo Chess uses object.face_toward and object.copy_rotation_from to get the chess pieces 
facing in the right directions.